sup guys today I have another herb a
package let's see some stuff I got on
eBay
for I think five bucks maybe cheaper I
got a good deal on its DBZ lock put this
away whole bunch of figures a bunch of
figures all right let's start have the
Goku or win Goku with the attachable
ghee or when Goku got the Erwin Goku nah
Super Saiyan also got the Erwin super
Saint Super Saiyan Gohan teen Gohan have
a Burger King series two figure from the
cooler movie it still has the activation
strap those lights up Goku from the
Burger King collection
Gohan from the dynamic a Burger King
collection Vegeta also from the Burger
King collection Frieza with his tail
also from the Burger King collection and
krillen
from the Burger King collection
also it came with this this mace that
has nothing to do with the Dragon Ball Z
but it was free so whatever be sure to
subscribe and check out our other videos
for more Dragon Ball Z content